he proved that box to master sulfite
tonight he did everything he was
supposed to do we use the jab which was
in lost art in boxing he took the big
shots when people said he didn't have a
chin in battle back he just did
everything we're supposed to do and then
he landed a monster is right hand to
change the tide of the fight against
Chris areola and it was downhill from
there but here he Ola tonight I don't
know where he goes from here but you
have to respect the fact that he battled
back with perceivably a broken nose they
fought through it but it just wasn't
enough and Andre a lot of fun this
evening
the world championship boxing day of
programming at 6:15 p.m. your name for
the romantic retreat